we're not going to get used to the
genocide in Gaza this is one of the
chants we're hearing here in ramala
protesters who are saying that the world
is normalizing the Israeli aggression
against Palestinians in the besieged
Gaza Strip as you can see these are the
names of Palestinians who have been
killed by the Israeli forces also
protesters here are saying that Israel
is using the war on Gaza to escalate the
situation in the occupied West Bank with
continued Israeli WS intimidation
checkpoints what we need is more
pressure from around the world to end
all the support that is coming to Israel
this is what would make an effect is and
the complicity State organizations
institutions complicity stop arming
Israel uh implement the icj decision of
provisional
measures also amongst the demands of
those protesters is the situation of
Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails
whom they say are being sub objected to
torture we've just heard the news of a
another Palestinian prisoner who has
been declared dead by the Israeli prison
service he's the ninth prisoner to die
in Israeli custody and Palestinians say
that they are very skeptical about the
conditions under which those prisoners
live in they say that there's medical
negligence against Palestinian feeling
that your son is in the hands of those
cruel teachers we we we see what's
happening in Gaza we
see what eyewitnesses and the free the
prisoners are telling stories about what
our Palestinian prisoners are facing
many of those whom we've been speaking
to say that they feel helpless there is
not much they can do to support their
fellow Palestinians in the besieged Gaza
Strip but they say that this is the
least they could do to show support to
show anger to show that they are with
their fellow Palestinian in the besed
Gaza Strip IIM Al R the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer